ah
A) Yes
the eyes
hello everyone will follow 77 today I'm
with a new tutorial on how to make a
kitchen of these with home automation and that you
do all you
it is so much the meals that can be made
and the potions we're going to start for
get a golden apple we press
and it gives us exactly nothing more and nothing
less than 8 nuggets and an apple
with which we make the golden apple
we want to make a soup because we press the
button and it gives us
just to make a soup we put the
this how do you call that the agreement and
he gives us our life here to do
any type of armor we want
make it a helmet
gives us just 5 to make a helmet
we want to make some pants
our just to make some pants
and if we press the breastplate it gives us 8
make a breastplate
it's very useful, you can
change for diamond whatever and good
in the boots exactly the same as that
what chambre per diamond came
to make the armors of what
you want this is the most complicated thing what
star of this let's say
Come and see I will explain a little
does not have much to explain is a
creator of potions any kind of
position that is in the game can be
create with this let's for example do
a potion of instant healing but that
healing option so we already want it
with splash so we can launch it and
we also want it with more power
Ok, we expel
and what has helped us
we need with this we go here to the
cauldron fill
we put it here in accounts does not matter
where I put it says it does not matter in
absolute and we put the nedergaard and go
to leave is being done while we see
more things we're going to remove this for
that there is no error at all
here to afford any
game tool we see for example
we want to make a diamond shovel
we put two sticks and he gives us two sticks and
we want with diamond and it gives us a
diamond and we can already do it in our
shovel
and then we want to do if we want a
sword press this and press two
times here
and gives us 2 iron that we make
here our sword to kill that
come here here the fridge
I need to put that here to see
we need exactly six of six of
the steaks that are in here
then we want we have 16 of a meal
whatever then we to melt
16 for every 8 items a coal is needed
so to melt 16 7 makes us
lack would make two coal these we expel
here
and gives us two coal just to melt
the 16
and if we already want to melt a stack by
example stack of stone to take out the
We are looking for more good stone here
gives 8 just coal to melt the
stack here and here we press so
we go out a bit to fill in the change
that we are absolutely useless
I already know but it 's fun
we see this as it goes here is the pressure
without effect we put the melon this
we are doing I am going to teach a little
the house to see I'm going to get creative
and we are going to see a little like that above
let's see the first thing here is about the
golden apple if we press the button it
turn off this comes the current over here
down and here good gives a torch this
what it does is send 8 pulses down
and one up here
when we turn off this send a pulse here
above
and what he does is send you a course here
causes it to turn off that it already sends then
makes it go off is sending another
course and send eight courses here when
we give the button here it turns off this is what
that stops having energy go out
these two and here an item of each
one a mushroom is worth here also here is
what of the armors here according to whether
we press that I know the boots lose the
current here the current gives a
current down here that first gives a
current have begun so it leaves
do not come down here give a current here that
turn off this is a current this
turn off street to a current is that for
this so there were four exact for
what of things
and so with everything for example the breastplate is
up here
valera current flow here gives
One click here gives an idea here
four of the boots
and at the same time it comes through here it comes here
He comes here around here but a little while
down here the other one and the eight that
it takes to make a beautiful
here the east of the positions this idea
is from minecraft cn he used it in his bat
The cave that he made seemed very good to me and the
I'm using the same modification of mine
has two of the sides
let's see here they have the functions here
They have the buttons as pulses as
one day up and I'm going to put
disassemble them if you want me to make a
tutorial like this in Spanish how it's done
this is what you tell me , it's super
simple here are the three these are not
they have a lot of complication
know the button and one goes out has no more
complications
This is certainly guarantees to those of
the sticks the same if we press
if we press the east to get two
sticks gives a current this so
one goes down the stream here from
here and another one comes out and if we want it to
we get one we press the one in there and
there is only one course here for it to come out
so the current is exactly the same
here low for activities gives you this
I'm here and he asks me for six courses
exactly
and here with the coal if we want it to
eight pulses so that of eight courses for
get out our coal you charge the
around all the same here is what
There was nothing left to install 8
exactly if we press the button here
give 1 here another here does not turn off this it
It was something complicated is that it would have
that build the part that if not I do not
not even me
well basically the current
here they come down here and the current
to the east to know and after it comes out
the oven below is exactly one
so useless but good here the lever
unexpected
and good has been everything if you want me to do
a tutorial on how to do it even though the
I've truly taught everything I finished
to put here this we put the
instant cure position when
we put this will be increased by the
healing tania 2 and I managed to add this
and it will be what can be done and good
that has been all like favorites
subscribe and good bye